Enhancing Oracle setup documentation (#18688)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/database_monitoring/setup_oracle/_index.md

You can skip this step if this is your first time installing the Oracle integration. If you already installed the Oracle integration, migrate the legacy configuration from the `conf.d/oracle.d/` directory to the new integration path located in the `conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/` directory.

Use the following command to migrate the Oracle integration from the legacy integration to the new one:

```shell
cp /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml
```

Deactivate the legacy integration:

```shell
mv /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml.bak
```

Deactivating the legacy integration prevents sending the system metrics twice.

Since the Agent doesn't require an external Oracle client, remove the `jdbc_driver_path` configuration parameter from the new parameter file `/etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml`. 

### Install Agent

To start collecting Oracle telemetry, first install the Datadog Agent. 

The Agent does not need to run on the same server nor the same platform as the monitored databases, and can be installed remotely using one of the suggested [setup architectures][10].

> Datadog recommends you install the version listed in the [latest Agent version](#latest-agent-version). It contains all the implemented Oracle monitoring features and bug fixes.

Reviewer: sorry another nitpick, I think my previous comment here was confusing - let's have this match the heading i.e. "Latest Agent version"

The following deployment configurations, components, and features are not supported: Oracle Autonomous Database, ASM, and Data Guard.

## Latest Agent version

> The following beta build contains all the currently implemented Oracle DBM features: `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following beta build contains implemented Oracle DBM features: `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`.
```

## Prerequisites

### Install the Oracle integration

On the [**Integrations**][1] page in Datadog, install the [Oracle integration][2] for your organization. This will install an Oracle dashboard in your account which can be used to monitor the performance of your Oracle databases.

### Upgrade the Oracle integration in your Agent

> You can skip this step if this is your first time installing the Oracle integration. If you've previously installed the Oracle integration, migrate the legacy configuration from the `conf.d/oracle.d/` directory to the new integration path located in the `conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/` directory.

Reviewer 2: Non-blocking:
```suggestion
You can skip this step if this is your first time installing the Oracle integration. If you already installed the Oracle integration, migrate the legacy configuration from the `conf.d/oracle.d/` directory to the new integration path located in the `conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/` directory.
```

Use the following command to migrate the Oracle integration from the legacy integration to the new one:

> ```bash

Reviewer 2: Optional: using ```shell gives the reader the option to copy the command
https://a.cl.ly/12ukrobg

Author: The complete commands are given below. There's probably no need to add ```shell next to directory names.

cp /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml
```

Deactivate the legacy integration:

```bash
mv /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml
```

Deactivating the legacy integration prevents sending the system metrics twice.

> Since Agent doesn't require an external Oracle client, remove the `jdbc_driver_path` configuration parameter from the new parameter file `/etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Since the Agent doesn't require an external Oracle client, remove the `jdbc_driver_path` configuration parameter from the new parameter file `/etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml`. 
```

### Install Agent

To start collecting Oracle telemetry, first install the Datadog Agent [install the Datadog Agent][3]. 

> Agent need not to run on the same server or even the platform as the monitored databases.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Agent does not need to run on the same server nor the same platform as the monitored databases.
```

> Install the version mentioned in ##latest-agent-version because it contains all the currently implemented Oracle monitoring features and bug fixes.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends you install the version listed in the [Latest agent version](#latest-agent-version). It contains all the implemented Oracle monitoring features and bug fixes.
```

> If the latest agent version is an official Datadog Agent release, like `7.46.0`, follow the instructions in ###official-release. If the latest Agent version is a beta build, such as `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`, follow the instructions in ####beta-build.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the latest agent version is an official Datadog Agent release, like `7.46.0`, follow the instructions in [Official release](#official-release). If the latest Agent version is a beta build, such as `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`, follow the instructions in [Beta build](#beta-build).
```

#### Official release

Follow the [instructions for your platform][3]. 

#### Beta build

##### Linux

Set `DD_API_KEY` and run the following commands to install the beta release, for example:

```bash
export DD_AGENT_DIST_CHANNEL=beta
export DD_AGENT_MINOR_VERSION="44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28-1"

DD_API_KEY= DD_SITE="datadoghq.com" bash -c "$(curl -L https://s3.amazonaws.com/dd-agent/scripts/install_script_agent7.sh)"
```

##### Windows

Download the [beta build][4].

> Set `APIKEY`ß and run the following command in the command prompt inside the directory where you downloaded the installer, for example:

Reviewer 2: Is this correct: `APIKEY`ß

Author: changed now, thanks

> ```start /wait msiexec /qn /i datadog-agent-7.44.1-dbm-oracle-beta-0.28-1.x86_64.msi APIKEY="" SITE="datadoghq.com"```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
start /wait msiexec /qn /i datadog-agent-7.44.1-dbm-oracle-beta-0.28-1.x86_64.msi APIKEY="" SITE="datadoghq.com"```
```

##### Docker

Set `DD_API_KEY` and run the following command to install the beta release, for example:

> ```docker run -d --name dd-agent -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro -v /proc/:/host/proc/:ro -v /sys/fs/cgroup/:/host/sys/fs/cgroup:ro -e DD_API_KEY="" -e DD_SITE="datadoghq.com" gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:7.44.1-dbm-oracle-beta-0.28```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```shell
docker run -d --name dd-agent -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro -v /proc/:/host/proc/:ro -v /sys/fs/cgroup/:/host/sys/fs/cgroup:ro -e DD_API_KEY="" -e DD_SITE="datadoghq.com" gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:7.44.1-dbm-oracle-beta-0.28```
```

> The following deployment configurations, components, and features are not supported: Oracle Autonomous Database, ASM, and Data Guard.

Reviewer: Meaghan let me know that ASM is also a Datadog product - to avoid confusion, can we spell out "Automatic Storage Management" here?

Author: Has anyone explicitly asked for ASM? If not, we might be better of by leaving out ASM completely. There's no performance monitoring for ASM. It would be only availably check. I think the remark might turn people off who might otherwise interested in the product.

Author: It's similar to explicitly stating (for SQL Server) "We don't support deadlock or tempdb". Nobody asks this until they start using the product and then notice the gap when it becomes relevant.

Reviewer: Ah ok, that's helpful. It hasn't come up at all from what I can tell, so let's get rid of it

## Latest Agent version

> The following beta build contains implemented Oracle DBM features: `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`.

Reviewer: Can we add a link here? i.e. to the [custom build repo](https://hub.docker.com/r/datadog/agent/tags?page=1&name=oracle)

Also, should a `-` be used instead of the `~` symbol? Just going off of what's in the repo linked above

Author: > Can we add a link here?
There is a repo for each OS. Should I rather put the references in the [section which explains how to install the beta build](https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/18688/files#diff-cc20dbc1da7eeca1fc6a976fb830286772bd774cd607420503f16b40ef462e22R71-R101) or here?

> Also, should -s be used instead of the ~ symbol
Unfortunately, it isn't unified. `-` is used only for Docker images, and `~` everywhere else.

Reviewer: Would it be redundant to include it in both places? If you think it would be, then the section that explains how to install the beta build is a fine place for them

Reviewer: Actually, I think the inclusion of this whole section ("Latest Agent version") may be redundant given the "Install Agent" header under "Prerequisites"

Reviewer: Here's my proposal: move this section to be below the "Docker" box and before the "Oracle client" section (it's a bit awkward to have the link take you up in the page rather than down)

Reviewer: And then I think you can put the references in the section you identified ("section which explains how to install the beta build")

Author: I made the change.

## Prerequisites

### Install the Oracle integration

> On the [**Integrations**][1] page in Datadog, install the [Oracle integration][2] for your organization. This will install an [Oracle dashboard][5] in your account which can be used to monitor the performance of your Oracle databases.

Reviewer: I don't think we need to bold the first mention of "Integrations" here

### Upgrade the Oracle integration in your Agent

You can skip this step if this is your first time installing the Oracle integration. If you already installed the Oracle integration, migrate the legacy configuration from the `conf.d/oracle.d/` directory to the new integration path located in the `conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/` directory.

Use the following command to migrate the Oracle integration from the legacy integration to the new one:

```shell
cp /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml
```

Deactivate the legacy integration:

```shell
mv /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle.d/conf.yaml

> ```

Author: I corrected the `mv` command, so that it makes more sense now.

Deactivating the legacy integration prevents sending the system metrics twice.

Since the Agent doesn't require an external Oracle client, remove the `jdbc_driver_path` configuration parameter from the new parameter file `/etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/oracle-dbm.d/conf.yaml`. 

> ### Install Agent

Reviewer: I would change this to "Installing a custom Agent build" or something like that

Author: Actually, "Install Agent" covert both install options: official release and custom build.

Reviewer: ah ok, sorry this is nitpicky, but can we do "Install the Agent" then?

Reviewer: I'm trying to maintain as much consistency with our other docs as possible: https://docs.datadoghq.com/database_monitoring/setup_mysql/selfhosted/?tab=mysql56

> To start collecting Oracle telemetry, first install the Datadog Agent [install the Datadog Agent][3]. 

Reviewer: "first install the Datadog Agent" is duplicated

The Agent does not need to run on the same server nor the same platform as the monitored databases.

> Datadog recommends you install the version listed in the [Latest agent version](#latest-agent-version). It contains all the implemented Oracle monitoring features and bug fixes.

Reviewer: change to "latest Agent version"

> If the latest agent version is an official Datadog Agent release, like `7.46.0`, follow the instructions in [Official release](#official-release). If the latest Agent version is a beta build, such as `7.44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28`, follow the instructions in [Beta build](#beta-build).

Reviewer: capitalize Agent

#### Official release

Follow the [instructions for your platform][3]. 

#### Beta build

##### Linux

Set `DD_API_KEY` and run the following commands to install the beta release, for example:

```shell
export DD_AGENT_DIST_CHANNEL=beta
export DD_AGENT_MINOR_VERSION="44.1~dbm~oracle~beta~0.28-1"

DD_API_KEY= DD_SITE="datadoghq.com" bash -c "$(curl -L https://s3.amazonaws.com/dd-agent/scripts/install_script_agent7.sh)"
```

##### Windows

Download the MSI file for the [beta build][4].

Set `APIKEY` and run the following command in the command prompt inside the directory where you downloaded the installer, for example:

```shell
start /wait msiexec /qn /i datadog-agent-7.44.1-dbm-oracle-beta-0.28-1.x86_64.msi APIKEY="" SITE="datadoghq.com"
```

##### Docker

Set `DD_API_KEY` and run the following command to install the beta release, for example:

```shell
docker run -d --name dd-agent -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro -v /proc/:/host/proc/:ro -v /sys/fs/cgroup/:/host/sys/fs/cgroup:ro -e DD_API_KEY="" -e DD_SITE="datadoghq.com" gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:7.44.1-dbm-oracle-beta-0.28
```

### Oracle client

> Agent doesn't require any external Oracle clients.

Reviewer: add "The" before Agent
